NMS-13446: provisiond docs updates (#3577)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/detectors/WmiDetector.adoc

| compVal     | OK                   | The value to use when performing a comparison against the wmiObject.
| compOp      | EQ                   | The compare operation is how you tell the OpenNMS WMI poller plugins how to verify the nature (up, critical) of a specific property within WMI. +
                                        In the event of unequal comparisons, the system will always have the WMI value (as retrieved from the target) on the left. +
                                        Available compare operations are: +
                                        * *EQ* (equals) +
                                        * *NEQ* (not equals) +
                                        * *GT* (greater than) +
                                        * *LT* (less than) +
                                        * *NOOP* (no operation) +
                                        The NOOP operation is a special case in which the Manager will always return a result code of "OK". +
                                        This is typically used in scenarios where the existence of a class or property is more interesting than the contents of the property. +

>                                         We use this in the collector to check and ensure that WMI is available before attempting to collect data.

Author: ```suggestion
                                        This can be used to ensure that WMI data is available before adding a collectd service based on the `WmiCollector` class.
```

| password
| The password to use when authenticating against the WMI host.
| none

| domain
| The Windows domain to use when authenticating against the WMI host.
| WORKGROUP

| wmiClass
| The class of instances within WMI. An example would be the `Win32_ComputerSystem` class.
This class contains objects representing properties and methods available.
| Win32_ComputerSystem

| wmiObject
| A WMI object is technically a member of a WMI property set.
Using the previous example of `Win32_ComputerSystem`, this class contains a variety of properties that we can look at and poll.
The default WMI service uses the `Status` property to determine if the system is running and if WMI is available.
| Status

| wmiWqlStr
| Microsoft WMI also implements an `ExecQuery` method that is more common in Windows scripting but less common in OpenNMS polling and monitoring.
WQL is a simple, SQL-like, syntax to query WMI classes, properties, and instances.
Here's an example of a WQL query that you could use to discover whether a Windows service is running:
`Select State From Win32_Service Where Name='Server'`
| NOTSET

| compVal
| The value to use when performing a comparison against the wmiObject.

> | OK

Author: I think this can be any arbitrary value, though I haven't used the WMI detector/monitor/collector at all.

> | OK

Author: Default value: https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/blob/7e9f5759badaf5636ae487a72b605a2a89e3e13e/opennms-wmi/src/main/java/org/opennms/netmgt/provision/detector/wmi/WmiDetector.java#L52

Value passed to node as a WMI query: https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/blob/7e9f5759badaf5636ae487a72b605a2a89e3e13e/opennms-wmi/src/main/java/org/opennms/netmgt/provision/detector/wmi/WmiDetector.java#L109

The details of valid values get into discussion of how to craft WMI queries, which may be beyond our documentation.

> | OK

Reviewer: Thanks for verifying that OK is the default.

Available compare operations are:

* *EQ*: equals
* *NEQ*: not equals
* *GT*: greater than
* *LT*: less than
* *NOOP*: no operation
The NOOP operation is a special case in which the Manager will always return a result code of "OK".
This is typically used in scenarios where the existence of a class or property is more interesting than the contents of the property.
This can be used to ensure that WMI data is available before adding a collectd service based on the `WmiCollector` class.
| EQ

| matchType
| The match type configuration tells the system how to handle multiple instance results.
Available match types are:

* *all*: all instances must comply to the compare operation.
* *none*: no instances should comply with the compare operation.
* *some*: one or more must comply with the compare operation.
* *one*: only one instance can comply with the compare operation.
| all

| namespace
| Every WMI class exists in a namespace.
The default namespace for most common classes is `root/cimv2`.
It is possible to refer to WMI objects from other namespaces such as `root/MicrosoftActiveDirectory`.

> | OK

Author: I get what you mean.  It doesn't make sense in context.  Delving into the code, it looks like `root/cimv2` actually looks like the true default if not specified.
```suggestion
| root/cimv2
```
